Hi, Hi. So morning me Sagar and Aash was having a call and we we just gone through the documents. We just need some clarifications on how to proceed with this. Yeah, yeah, maybe shall I share my screen? Yes, go ahead. I remind that at this point you guys might have more context than I do, so I'm probably just going to be recommending. I think Yeah, yeah, yes, yeah, Show me what you Okay. So let me just show this. So this a wrong document like we are having more like how things can be done and general things are here. So based on this, we have this demo plan where we have this like branding, the sample set, school records, governance, everything is that currently the account has assigned for the portal. Thing like this on Zoho group is hot machine will be managed by PNKA and so this is the build recommends going to be done by me. And so we have a different scenarios. So the main scenarios like having the program records of the CRM, then each each forum have their own automations and group with buttons so that one is fine. Then we will be having the application registration scenario where the students need to go inside the portal and they need to submit the form. So this is the where we have the doubt like when we and S are discussing in this, there is no a certain particular structure like how the students can be inserted into the CRM. Like first we like the invite should be INSD by the CRM Admin or they can go to the website and click on the any public link and then they can come and login as an normal like who can login as instead of like inviting like anybody can get. If we take a steer from what we are, look what we've done for Buddy in for example, because it probably would be not dissimilar. Yes, they might come in from the website. So you could have a student that is completely speculative and they've hit the website about whichever part of UWC they're jumping in at this particular college or something and they want to apply, right? So what what would probably happen is that they would be directed to a registration page where they can register for the portal account. And then when they're in the portal, they can then for to say, here's my details that, sorry. Recording. It is recording automatically recording. Okay, Okay, Sorry, that's Okay. If I could try and do it seems to be recording or if we look at what we're doing for study in it is that is the the flow, it's it's the user goes to the website and they can register, they get sent an email or something that says kid portal and then they go PO put their use password and then they're in, they can submit all their additional details like first name, last name address, stuff like that. Right? Yeah. So that's all pretty straightforward. But another path might be that obviously there's some kind of person within the organisation within UWC that is talking to them on the phone or something and then wants to get them registered in the portal, at which point obviously they're adding them to the CRM and then from the CRM they're Gonna say send out the email to get register an account, you see what I mean? So yeah, comes, yeah, they may, they may want a completely different flow when we actually when it comes down to it, but I think for the purposes of the demo we're going to have to do a bit of guessing what they want because they've given us to steer with the documentation they've given so far, but we're not going to have the level of detail of 123, 4510, like we've done a whole process captain for them because we just don't have that detail at this stage. One thing that I will say is that if we want to stand on the principle that is good for study in and use it here is that you don't connect the portal into the leads module, you connect into the contact module, and if anyone registers or wants to register for the portal, that's enough of an engagement to consider them essentially sales qualified, which means they shouldn't be a lead anymore. It should be a contact. So if someone comes to the website and asks to and ask for an account but they're currently a lead, the lead would need to get converted and that turned into a contact portal. It also simplifies the portal because it means the portal only have to integrate contact if there is a used, but in portal could also be a contact contact module. They won't be a contact or a lead. You see what I mean? Yeah, I got it, we have the same thing as well as you know, in mortgage, it only integrates with the contact module because and and the deals module because integration. So if we're going through a whole demo process, Yes, you can demo the lead module, but that would just be for sort of marketing capture. So any marketing qualified lead that is speculative like you, it's like a cold calling thing or you know, maybe they've engaged with some materials, but they have to find out that that would be coming into the lead module as soon as you convert it. At that point, you probably want to get some kind of engagement, you know, convert them and then send them an email saying Please register for your port of account. Does that make sense? I don't want, I don't want to muddy the waters in the chat. I've posted what the customer shared with us of what they need to see in the demonstration. Yeah. And I also posted a slide I put together where we can kind of show the journey very tiny on my screen when I try and open it. Yeah, it's very BL so that was just why I shared the CA she yesterday let me see if I can see the son you did her guide from what they sent us. So hopefully it should cover. But yeah, just want to make sure that the functionality is covered of what they. Yeah. I mean if I vaguely look at find on this pixy thing you've got set up, apply, review, place, govern, oversee, communicate. Right? Those are the things that you've got. This isn't all the sides, but it's just some of the sides I've created. So that should be a better where have you put that daddy? I've just put it in the ongoing meeting the system user. Yeah. So the user journey, Sophia's journey and the people committees and decisions. Right. So I was going to talk through, right, set up, apply, review, place, govern, overse, communicate. I was already guessing in that some of this stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. So that market configures the Germany andc, sorry, Pradesh in the main chart of UC, I just posted a powerpoint. It just got some of the, some of the slides have started creating, I didn't know as Fear Journey, which is the second last. Andc what's that short is that it's in the docs, It's just mean and said National centers, is it National center? So when it says markers configures the Germany NC, what does that mean? What creates a new is taken from the territory's national committee. National Committee. Okay, so you got your national committee volunteers and your national committees. So that particular TE on that bullet point, I don't understand very well. Sophia's journey set up, it says Marcus configures the Germany and what does that mean? Which which I'm sorry. Okay. Okay. Open that, open the powerpoint that just so everyone can see. Let's open that go to the second last slide. Right. The demo here should follow this be sure and see can, right. Yeah. That hopefully should also follow the same kind of thing that someone is put into her thing. Yes. You can configure to support because Paul saying that this is the lead in this, but I'm saying step a set up if it's right before apply, I would have maybe assumed that set up was the lead, but it's not. So this is out. So the orange ones are just the ones were actually Sofia has interaction with Yeah. In a they've said how easy is it to set up a national committee, right? So the only thing that I don't know is what's the context? The national committee is that an internal user of the CRM system? It's a region isn't, Let me go back to the region in CRM. Is that I'm going to be creating an account record with it because an account, but an account, a customer and the national committee, not a customer or they are a customer. I don't say that committee customer. So we wouldn't put them in in the account with customer. Yeah, I M today from this side, is that right? If we jump back to the document that SONA did and we look at these scenarios. So NC administration program, program record, Germany NC 25 fields data entry and what module is it? Is there a custom module? Are people that work on the user in CRM, so they have their own portal. I don't know anything about this scope. Sam: what do you understand this to be or anyone on this call who is? I don't like me. Yeah, that's why I want to have a call because I have gone through this. But it's like we have to assume a lot of things and do I, I go through the website. I got that few things correct me if I'm wrong. I mean like similarly Dash like the student wants to take an admission. So here the NC admission is nothing but their volunteer. It's a counselor. They are going to make the decision whether that person, I mean that student going to be further eligible or not. So this is how their journey started. I mean somewhere I read that actually leads. I mean the entry student will be registration on the one of The Landing page. Okay? And from The Landing page data should be coming the CRM, I will look that again screenshot. I think I was share someone's let me check. So this is our understanding. So basically there will be lead available and inside the lead there will be option to send applicant invite. So like D said, maybe having a manual leave. So they click on the sent invite and we have this widget to show a pop up like which application are sending and click on the sent invite now and inv will be sent so this mail will be sent now to the application applicant. Then applying will see the mail and click on the particular link. Then that link will be navigating us to the portal and in the portal they have two option to start the application or login. So they have already started, they can login. They want to start fresh. Then click on the eligibility and they have eligible check like they have to be between 15 to 17. So like if they are like age is less or more than this eligibility then they won't be up to eligible. So once it's eligible they click on continue. Then only we will have an option to login like sign up. So a new user will be created for them. Username, password and using the username and password they will come here and they will start to fill the application form here. So this is the application form they said like it has to be a language specific. So if it's like Portugal then it has to be Portuguese or something like that. So we have this form and once they fill the form and click on Okay, we have the pre-validation like a mandatory field parent concerned and supporting document should be uploaded and within the program window the date should be properly handled like it should be inside the program window. So once everything is Okay then and application record will be created in the CRM. So the Admin has to review this application and they have this progress like in progress to submitted. Once it's going to submitter, they will email be sent to the applicant and we have the reviewers to review this and we have a dashboard like something dashboard looks like this, like what are the applicants the stage wise we have this, they ask us some something like this dashboard so we can show it can be Analytics or something like that. So we have this dashboard kind of thing. Then after this we have the review scoring thing. So based on the application that jump in, you wouldn't have to show that back in Analytics, you could just create a CRM dashboard that could have Yeah, yeah, that's fine. So next will be like based on the application, the form data they filled, we will be having a scoring for that based on the like parameters. So like this is the logic for the scoring and they have a shortlist. So once the application form they will shortlist. Once they are shortlist, then they can check the status by like we will send a email and they shortlist so they can check the status there. And next thing is like they will have a nomination back. The nomination back is like generating an PDF kind of having a summarizing all the information and send it for the applicant. So it contains like a basic these informations, then these things are like a school admissions kind of thing. Yeah. So like a join like a joining admissions kind of thing. So BAS are confirmed. Okay. So the my so my part is like how you're going to handle this eligibility check and from the application. So we have to invite the application like we have to invite them or they can come and invite themselves. So that's the part I got most thinkm purpose. You don't necessarily have to show you try the obviously if they wanted self-registration to the portal to get the process going is fine. The purpose of the demo will just obviously show that you can also invite people from within the CRM. I think just having a little preamble in the start of the demo to say that, say that we're just Gonna demo for the for the purpose of the time, we're just going to demo from the perspective of triggering the invite in the CRM, that doesn't mean that there aren't other ways that we could trigger the invite is fine. I mean if you go back to all sides the second and let's just put aside the fact that there's some in administrative setup and NC thing that seems like nobody understands. I just removed it. Sorry. I was trying not to confuse matters. Not finished and I was waiting for a can to confirm some of the details. Sorry, Okay, great. What I was going to say is that looking back on those slides, the ones you put in Orange Pool, I'm basically just saying we just do those ones so Sam can pick up the demo from you have a like, Yes, they might want to go and see some administrative stuff where they want to see and that's what Sony has put in there. So scenario A that they want to potentially CAUs demo is how to do administration permissions, program configuration. But administration is obviously just going and creating and editing records in CRM. Straightforward permissions. Obviously we could show role profiles in the CRM and then program configuration is just crating products. They're all pretty straightforward. So we could probably do something to just show the generics of what immigration looks like. We've the devil is an hour and a half. Yeah. So maybe we want to throw some stuff in there. Just like this is what permissions are in CRM, roles, profiles, data sharing rules and like my understanding is is going to deliver it from start to finish. Yeah. Well, I mean any, any like fame like that, all of the three of you, you know how those data, how those permissions and stuff will work in CRM, you can, an account should know as well those forward. So the only thing that obviously I'm confused by is like what the role of this NC is, but user in the CRM administering that is just obviously inviting or whatever, inviting a new user CR setting up the definition what NCS can do as you can come down to the groups maybe. So creating a new group and then putting a bunch of users in a group and saying this group can do XYZ maybe that's how we do NCS, But the reason why I'm concerned about that assumption is because it hasn't really been defined. Are they buying like they've talked about assessors and stuff like that in the quote, but they sort of define them as portal users, but actually if they're going to be given direct access into the CRM, they're not portal user. If they are a portal user, there's expected to be some portal that the assessor signs into. And that's what we're talking about with an NC set up. Then we kind of do need a custom module for them as a defined organization and you go to the CRM and set them up. That means that there'd be two different portal perspectives that we're building and this is much more likely to be the case, which means there's a student portal and then peopletal and then the CRM, which is just we see internal back office system, the orchestras, but yeah, I have an architected this is all this is all sons proposal, build, pitch, something for this. So I'm guessing so in the proposal, it's all section twelve which is around governance and national committee management, right? So 12.4 is the National Committee structure. So each committee is represented with of the country and regional alignment. Then it has its own associated volunteers and members linked activities such as application selection and local CRM activity. And then they have relationships to schools, programs and central teams as well as governance and operational roles. So that mean they are essentially love. That's why all the partners said yes. So I guess if we're comparing this to study in with which means that they do need their own module in the CRM, so we would need a module floor called and Z say, and if we want to show administrative National committee, the National Committee National Committee record, this is exactly like going into the accounts creating an accounts record. We're not going to use the accounts record to be that because the account is to be a customer company under the default structure of the CRM and everything that integrations. So and an ACT committee is not a customer, is an affiliated organisation that has its own independent people that will be doing work in the system with you from an external perspective. So it needs a portal. Otherwise we're talking about buying all of those National Committee members a license for their CRM, which I imagine UC did not expect. The NCS. They are central to the application process and they have links to the applicants. The applicants cycle assessment stages is exactly. The affiliate can go in there, see the application, submit it, advance progress, see progress on those, do certain interactions. What they can't do is get fully into the back end CRM system as a user. Yeah, Yeah, great. Well that does clarify things a little bit more. Does that make sense for you as well? Saary Saga one NC is yeah, I'm gotta got it. Yeah. Like you're like an affiliate organization design custom module. Okay. Well, anyway, all I was trying to say is that if we each of these scenarios are laying out a different demo flow, what you just went through there, Sam with all of those things is a perfect demo flow for scenario. Be right. So it takes you from from the student perspective, engaging with the portal, what Admin interactions happen in the CRM, the background and that back and forth between the portal and the CRM to get a student from initial, I've registered for the porta and I'm talking to you to document collection validation, all that stuff all the way through to like they put their application. I think that's this, I think that's a good scenario be so you've covered that great multi-selection scoring, safeguarding is sort of a secondary part of that. But we might want to show essentially the the portal from the NC perspective, so the accessible for whatever we want to call where the committee can engage with that with a list of applications that are on there and review them. Yeah. So that's scenario see if you scroll down is maybe showing some kind of NC portalari. I don't know what that one is government structure and body management that that I guess is managing the NC module and what it can. I'm just reading a bit of the suppliers should demonstrate of the NC portal allocation of school places and Sees it's demo hey there be so much this stuff that we're not going to direct you demo a tracking for for school places like there's no way we can work in like 5 min for them. Could you not just have because it's all in case cmmo Anyway, it's not actually real data could we not just have like quota 15 places successfully. Yeah, we can. But on CRM, obviously related to what we actually can configure to show it. Yeah, but yeah, Yeah. You're right on the portal Admissions Director for the reviewing quite a bit. Yeah, I don't know how like if we could show all this, the system would be built. I mean, it's almost like the position to have people that already have a pre-made system to do all of this demo. Absolutely. I got the feelings throughout thisp processing wasn't necessarily Rive before Zoho Victory. This doesn't look like it's written because obviously all of this stuff with configuration, yeah, is doing the work. None of this is pre-built. At least a huge chunk of it isn't mean. Some of this is easy SL SP to generate straight National committee record showing information, country status, key contacts and linked governance structure. That's just like I said, you create a custom module on CRM and call it National Committee and some details on it. Managing NC volunteer records is just a related contacts to the contact roles against the. So there's a custom module for the role and then you link a contact to a to an NC and you tell they volunteer, they chair, they, the selection coordinator was their role. Tenure like start, end date. It's pretty straightforward recording and tracking volunteer training. So I guess you could just put against their role whether or not they've had certain training obligations. We mentioned IO a couple of times, but you're right. I don't know what IO means how the SER supports the management of large distrib volunteer network with appropriate structure inside for something oversight. I only know I am a text and output. Yeah. I just search for IO in the print in the proposal and is so definitely as 1800s of them. There's no definition we ask. I might understand from context. But yeah, if hour and a half to demo this stuff and they 3G scenarios they want us to show, I show it's almost like building half the system. Yeah, I mean what you've done there, Sam, where you obviously got to and generate you version of the demo, that's great. That pretty much all of this, it's just where it's Gonna be. Obviously the CRM screen is not going to one to one. I mean, is that an option for us? We just like even for the CRM screens that would then be shown, you would just get called to generate that too and just do it all as an HML thing. Yeah, we can do that too. It's like, yeah, just like spoof the CRM screens. Clark probably knows what CRM looks like and probably mock sort of CRM, CRM only challenge you have is if they say catcher, can you just quickly show me how to add this feature at this field that the demo like I know that shows maybe a limited ability like flexibility, but that's fine. We can just say no, we haven't that not legitimate yet. It just means we have to say this isn't a Zoho CRM. Yeah, Well, that's fine as well because I think plenty of people would demo this from a figure record. Anyway, we can just say what we've done is we've produced a wire frame to demonstrate the flow of this and what it would potentially look like. This is not an actual built system, which means that there's no, which I think is also defensible. Just like, you know, this is just a demo. It gives us an opportunity to jump in and be like, that's the nature of these configure systems. If we actually built it for you in the system, to demo it live in the system, we would have just built a system for you. If absolutely works, it's better to do that, being able to show them how everything looks in the CRM, but it's, it kind of defeats the purpose of the demo, showing how the system does it when we're not going to, we're just going to show them how HCM displays it. Yeah, but even things like the screen we're looking at literally right now, pretty much how it's going to look in the CRM. Yeah. You could, you could say, you could say are you satisfied with the wireframe that will more accurately show the flows that you want or do you want to be the in system like this is really? I think that's a question because also there are still like the intention here was probably that like anything that was portal driven is going to be this flow that sounds looking at now anything that we can do in the CRM, we could just say when we get so this, say this we looking at right now for leads. So like a CA could go to the actual CRM and say here's what a lead record like with the canvas and then jump back to this page when she needs to do interaction. Look, that's the only other way that we would do it is jump back and forth between this and the actual CRM system to show real CRM. Yeah. Also, we probably need to make sure and has plenty of time put to of a can for Friday to talk through this so you can run through it smoothly because there's a lot taken sound, you sounds, but a lot of work in, but it needs to be Yeah. We've got a demo sections A, G as well, quite a lot. Yeah, Yeah. So if you, if we're doing seven, if we're doing seven separate demo flows and she's got to get through all of them, that's also another reason to say if we can get away with doing it all demoing through wire framing with interactive wing, it would be much faster for us to produce a result, you know, So absolutely, absolutely cool. I'm in. So how can you drop-off the SL you guys have on what the questions that you have in Okay, coming back to the, actually, I have this issue on this governance thing. So this is what I can, I have some doubts. So creating this governance body confidents. So I haven't completely understood this, it's just, it's just, I, I think the best way to think about all this is just from a modeling perspective, right? Forget all the processes and things for a moment and just sit down and look at it and say, I've got this document and I need to create a database to represent all of the state that they've talked about in here, right? They defined something called the UWC, Internet and international that's their organization. Define something called global governance, which is committees, advisory groups. So I would be in my brain when I'm thinking about modeling those. Okay, well, they've defined some things there. Do I need primary entities for those? Do I need an entity for boards or committees groups or are they all one type so that you can just have a module called governance group and then that could be of type board of type committee or to write of type advisory. So I mean, like we're just doing some modeling and then that turns into Zoho build. What you could do is take the hold of this document and say, I'm trying to design my database structure and ask Claude to come up with a pitch of what this CRM structure should look like. You could even give it, you know, exactly, and Claude could UL you A here's what standard CRM looks like. Here's the additional custom modules that we think we should create to support this, this and it probably will do things like say you're going to need a custom module for application, going to need a custom module for committee, you need a customer for XYZ, right? Once you've got that entity model, if we go back to the documentation that that way showing on their requirements, I want to to do let's go back to that document again, right? And they say, I want to see creating on configuring a governance body with its type, purpose and associated metadata that be pretty easy to demo, wouldn't it? Because if you create a custom module called Governance Body, it's just click create for governance body, there is a field called type the field for purpose, there's a, there's other fields like address and there's a related list for contacts associated with the government body. Adding MEM members to a governance body with defined roles. Okay. So there would be a governance body role module that would allow you to connect the contacts to a governance body, which means a related list on this. I mean all of this stuff sort of falls out. If you have a model, I think you're struggling here because you're looking at this all of it. If you're thinking all of this stuff just in terms of user interface, you're missing the prerequisite step, sit down and think about data model to figure out how this ties together. Got it any? So so do do you agree you doing a modeling exercise in this? We help you in understanding of this? Yeah. So in case if you're going for the static prope, like having HTML to show all this demo, then I think a single person can do this. Right? We don't need the one person for the automation Blue and I actually, I actually think what you should do is go to CL and again give it this start with the model modeling and just say the first thing I want to do is at least model this take its understanding of the base model of what Zoho CRM looks like. If it doesn't understand what the base model is, throw it the API, right? So the base model of the structure of the Zoho CRM system. Give it this document and say we are extending the base model to allow us to do all the things this document specifies. It will come up with some kind of UML for you that says is what you what it should look like as a structure, take that structure as a resource, beit back into new chat and say I want to generatel wireframe mock up that expresses this model and done these actions that need to be demoed and then it will come up with a demo for the walks over and say that this is in CRM is basically what you've already done, right? So if you go to your HTML now the HML that does the demo walk through, which is great, right? And let's take the first item on the list, Zoho lead record, right, is you got it to mock up what the CRM looks like on this screen. All we're going to do is in an ideal world. Paul comes back and says they've Okay, the idea of demoing everything from wireframe and that means at that point the task is done. You've got the whole demo there because Claudes generated you wire frame top to bottom of the entire flow. You could break up files and do each scenario like a through G as their own individual files might be a good idea because it might stop CLA from having generate an absolutely enormous HML file. But either way you'd have the output. If not, and they come back and they say No Scree, we want to see real CRM, real work, DR, real things. You'd still do exactly what you're Gonna hear on this page where CRM record and we've got this, but I can should would leave the HTML tab oin the actual CRM system and say this is what it looks like in real CRM. But then when she gets to step to invite and widget widget and send click on the set step to we won't have built the actual widget in CRM, so she'll come back to the HTML and she'll demo that from here. So anywhere that we've got customization that we can't build in time, demo HTML, anywhere that we can build it in time and real system because we can configure CRM to do that, we jump out from this and go into it in real CRM and you go back. Does that make sense? Yeah, gotta go it got. So, Yeah, I, I think that that's what we do. We built the whole demo assuming it's wireframe and if Paul comes back and says no, then we just add one extra layer on top to try and configure as much as we can in CRM to show as much as we can in CRM and where we can't, we don't have to, but we will a very obvious and clear understanding of where we demo in CRM and where we don't demo in CRM by going through this HTML and saying, well, that screens one in CRM and we could do that very quickly, so we'll go and build it. Whereas if you get to a step like this one where it's like what, it will take US-A bit of time to get that, we don't have time to do it. You leave it in the wireframe we demo from the Yeah. Is everyone else on, not just Samyana. You will get what I'm saying. Yeah, Okay. Any other questions then Sam? No, that's all I say. Okay, great. I'm going wrap up there then we'll wait for Paul to send US-A message. But that doesn't mean obviously you can't crack on with this because depending what Paul says or not, this means it adds an extra step on to the end of this. So you should be able to crack on with exactly what you you've done here and just reproduce it for a 3G. Yeah, Yeah, I get a better result if you do a modeling exercise first. So understands what entities exist in the system. Yeah, Cool. Alright. Speak to you later then. Thanks guys. Thank you. Bye, bye.